Update 102-conditionals.md (#1731)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/110-java/content/100-java-fundamentals/102-conditionals.md

> # Conditionals
> 
> **Conditional statements are used through the various programming languages to instruct the computer on the decision to make when given some conditions.** These decisions are made if and only if the pre-stated conditins are either true or false, depending on the functions the programmer has in mind.
> 
> **There several conditional statements in Java:**
> _if Statement_
> _else-if Statement_
> _else Statement_
> 
> Also according to the need of program the developer can use nested if and else-if statements in the functions to enhance the code quality.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.educative.io/answers/what-are-conditional-statements-in-programming'>What are Conditional statements?</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.javatpoint.com/java-if-else'>Conditionals in Java</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPK6NYMJt_A'>Conditionals in Java</BadgeLink>
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Conditionals

Java has the following conditional statements:

* Use `if` to specify a block of code to be executed, if a specified condition is true
* Use `else` to specify a block of code to be executed if the same condition is false
* Use `else if` to specify a new condition to test; if the first condition is false
* Use `switch` to specify many alternative blocks of code to be executed

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.educative.io/answers/what-are-conditional-statements-in-programming'>What are Conditional statements?</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.javatpoint.com/java-if-else'>Conditionals in Java</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPK6NYMJt_A'>Conditionals in Java</BadgeLink>
```
